# May 3, 2019

We had our first meeting to organize the club!!

We came to some dessions:

 - Meetings will be biweekly starting next friday at 12:00
 - Meetings will have a presenter with a general topic
 - Next meeting We have to start asking for and discussing project proposals
 - We have to set up a website/forum for discussion (this github group/repository)
 
There was particular interest by the group on this subjects:

  - Migrating to python from IDL
  - Python speed performance on fitting tasks
  
Bruno shared his experience organizing a similar activity in ESO, more details and resources here:
  
  http://www.sc.eso.org/~bdias/pycoffee/
